[Director] Okay, places people.
We're going be rolling
in just a few minutes.
[Producer] So, I understand this
interaction model video
is about Make it Personal
and how Mobile Experts have
two-way conversations. Right?
[T-Mobile Rep] Exactly.
Two-way conversations are how we
deepen existing customer relationships
and build new ones
with our customers.
It's part of our Un-carrier culture!
[Production Assistant] Take one.
[Clap]
[Director] And action.
[Mobile Expert] I'm glad to
hear you've heard
so many good things about T-Mobile.
[Customer] Totally.
My friend has been talking
you up for a long time;
I finally decided to come in
and see what's up.
[Mobile Expert] Oh, great.
[Mobile Expert VO] Hmmm, what
do you think should happen next?
Find out about the customer's device,
so you can help
them choose a
new one that is
right for them.
Find out about the customer's device,
current carrier,
and what they are looking
to learn more about.
Find out about the customer's device
and offer to help
them figure out what
T-Mobile can do for them.